wants to know which is closed on itself
all this is one of 15 happens at supper
sometimes we lose our
videographer, this is true through
we are not recording with the purchase of the net
that was in his pocket he does not eat
in this same blog that does not
today we are with surrender edson redson
that everyone wants to see soon because it is
than the launch down
example going to talk is great and is a
great so we're here with him look there
or is it not really true who is going
winning is the jp every eight doubles the product
Chinese
they are doing
It's because we're supposed to say that it was
inspired design of pirates is expected to
today is talented and functional running in
a gandula, the same thing happened to me
I have not got a glue in the night.
neighbors as I got there it seems that I
I have also seen this interface with these
polka dots is fun friend look there have in
photo there has no photo try
to play a song, we think it's going to
not touch player
is legal is good to question the
technical specifications of this product
here on the net is he filming
called the modern grandchild who
assure you can see the
configurations of him and others as well
models that resemble other sports like
the 32-bit galaxy and technical looks really
being here is a lot and also making exchanges
observe the images also has several
several devices to check in one of the
interesting things
I'm listening to more improvised here.
dassie 6015 so far getting loving
is also curious today because today it
It is 10 days and some tolls is a
then wave at time of year in the state is
That's it folks, do not forget to just leave
a comment you liked about it here
born this girl's got it going on
Italy show they think might be
presenting a video that is now afraid
then we are here to s born in 2015 my
friends, that's it, we are always there
I want to know that I am the raul
miranda here for the new right was
magazine everyone with a hug
problem that Brazil wood ba or pavilion
Amanda is a little bit, the mother is a
little big that prize clothes
thank you thank you and a car and also the
A national and a hug for you, my
wanted to watch until the next
hug brasil
How will you win?